[TA] Added RecognizeCustomEntities Functionality (#24245)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics/CHANGELOG.md

## 5.2.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - Added property `RecognizeCustomEntitiesAction` to `TextAnalyticsActions` to support the new 'Recognize Custom Entities' API. This action can be used to get custom entities for an input document or batch of documents.

Author: Not sure if this is the best description for the feature. If there are any suggestions I will be glad to modify the existing one.

Reviewer: Since custom classification PR is merged. Might to pull the latest changes and see if rewording is neccessary. It looks good to me as well right now.

> - Added property `RecognizeCustomEntitiesAction` to `TextAnalyticsActions` to support the new 'Recognize Custom Entities' API. This action can be used to get custom entities for an input document or batch of documents.

Reviewer 2: This is what I wrote in JS's changelog which I adapted to use .NET names:
```suggestion
- We are now targeting the service's v3.2-preview.2 API as the default instead of v3.2-preview.1.
- Adding support for a three new actions in `StartAnalyzeActions`: `RecognizeCustomEntities`, `SingleCategoryClassify`, and `MultiCategoriesClassify`. The new actions allow you to use custom models to perform entity recognition and classification actions.
```

Author: This looks good!

## 5.2.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - We are now targeting the service's v3.2-preview.2 API as the default instead of v3.2-preview.1.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- We are now targeting the service version `3.2-preview.2` API as the default instead of `3.2-preview.1`.
```
